In the last lecture we learned what the app modularized and which role modules play in general.
Now I want to dive into the question which additional modules we may build and why a typical module
you may add to your application.
So a custom module built by you would be a feature module.
Now here's our application currently only having a ABW module that we might have an app component and
nobbler component and a directive and maybe some components and directives.
Now some of these features let's say DIAK component component and directive on the left are only used
in the app component or really make up the root of our application.
But then we may have components and directives let's say the components and directives on the right
side year which really only make up a feature of our app in the Recipe Book.
All recipe related components would be a good example for this.
That typically is a good case to be outsourced into a feature module.
So now we would put all these components and everything which belongs to it in its own module which
we then simply import in the app module.
So technically the application still works exactly as before.
We also won't gain a performance boost by that but our app module file will become leaner and easier
to maintain.
And the same is true for the feature module.
It's much easier to see which elements which components belong to a certain feature and if we want to
change something there we know we only have to go to that feature module and we quickly see which dependencies
we have which components belong to the rest of his feature and so on.
So this is a great and Heinzmann froma code structuring perspective later we will also learn how we
may use a feature module to really speed up our application and increase the performance and reduce
the file size.
Now with the theory out of the way here let's build a couple of feature modules because if I'm not mistaken
our recipe book has a couple of features